# Artificial-Turf
How Airports Will Cope With Sharp Increase in Flights Did you know, there will be an estimated 50% increase in flights throughout the world by 2035?  Air transport has revolutionized our world economically, socially, and culturally.  It has aided in connecting people from across borders to foster links between nations of all sizes and generate access to global markets.  It has driven travel and tourism to promote a more global society.  It has expanded people’s access to cultural experiences and increased their access to leisure destinations.  Air travel has also been essential to economic growth.    In a study published by IATA this past December, it has been found that the aviation industry currently supports 62.7 million jobs globally through direct employment, related sector employment, and associated employment from tourism.  Aviation has been estimated to have a complete global economic impact of $2.7 trillion.  This is generated in part by the 1,402 commercial airlines with 26,065 aircraft in service and 3,883 airports with 32.8 million commercial flights worldwide.  With the projection of flights on the rise for the next two decades, it is important for airports to take steps now to improve the operational and functional efficiency of their facilities.  Investments must be made in products that will last and have the ability to withstand heavy use. AvTurf is a synthetic turf system that provides comprehensive ground safety enhancements and erosion control to make airplane takeoffs and landings more effective and efficient.
